#summary Frequently asked questions for Call MEter 3G aka CM3
#labels Featured,FAQ

== What are these bill modes? ==

xx/yy means the first xx seconds are billed. no matter how long the call takes.
the next billing periods are yy seconds long.

some examples:
 # a call with a duration of 45s is billed as
   * 60s with 60/yy
   * 45s with 30/1
   * 50s with 30/10
   * 30s with 30/0
 # a call with a duration of 65s is billed as
   * 60s with 60/0
   * 65s with xx/1
   * 70s with xx/10
   * 120s with 60/60

==How does this whole thing work?==
Basically there are 3 parts to understand:
 # There is the LogRunner running in background every now and then collecting information from your device and storing them in a database.
 # There are Plans. This is where you set cost, limits, bill modes etc.
 # There are Rules. These rules define, which log is billed in which plan to show up on may screen.

==Why is data traffic incorrect?==
The android system itself does not collect traffic statistics. This app reads the information directly from the linux kernel. This is why statistics from before last reboot is unavailable.

==Is there a way to distinguish between WLAN/WIFI and 2G/3G/4G traffic?==
This app currently does count 2G/3G/4G traffic only!
Please see issue #120.

==How do I exclude a few numbers from a plan?==
 # Go to the Rules view.
 # Look for "exclude numbergroups".
 # Add/Edit a numbergroup:
   * Add all numbers you want to be excluded to the group
   * Wildcards are allowd. E.g. add +491% and 01% to exclude all German mobile numbers.
 # Go back to the rule and select the created the number group.

==What should i set the cost / call/sms/mb to?==
You should set it in your main currency eg. 0.09€/SMS.
You need to set it with a "." regardless of your locale (This is a bug in android itself).

==Is there any way to backup and restore the statistics (e.g. when changing the phone)?==
Not today. But restoring the backup of call log/messages with external apps should restore the stats in CallMeter too.

==Why does the app need network-based location access?==
It's just for the ads provided by admob.
If you are afraid of this apps behavior, you should check out the source code.
As this is an open source project, the source is available for everyone!

==Please add...==
Please post your feature request as issue:
[http://code.google.com/p/callmeter/issues/list]